when President Obama threw out the first
pitch the other night he already had one
strike against him they're way too short
not his pitch and these look frumpy what
is wind up to look like he's got two big
tree trunk legs critics summed it up in
two words mom jeans a sweet pair of mom
jeans nice mom jeans Obama okay so a
couple of blogs called them dad jeans
but for the most part their mom jeans
yeah for sure kind of high waisted jeans
mocked by Saturday Night Live
introducing mom's jeans she'll love the
9 inch zipper and casual front pleats
give her something that says I'm not a
woman anymore I'm a mom mom jeans even
have a song dedicated to them every time
I put my mom jeans on teenage boys come
to my jeans on such a beat in your kids
they attack on the president's jeans
brought out defenders love it perfect he
is adorable their pants who cares The
Huffington Post did a poll of it's
generally Obama friendly readers who
voted overwhelmingly for he looks super
cool but don't tell that to a celebrity
stylist they're terrible there's nothing
modern about them and Robert Verdi is a
huge obama fan but this isn't the first
time the president obama has been
accused of wearing the dreaded long jews
there was the time back during the
campaign when he went bike riding in a
helmet and jeans and some speculated
that he was trying to look nerdy to
combat the charge of elitism the last
time we heard such a chorus of mom jeans
mockery it was directed at Jessica
Simpson Jessica Simpson and her mom
jeans mom jeans
controversy exploded serious pair of
just cuz you got wearing those mom jeans
pants somehow we doubt the president
regrets not wearing designer jeans you
want to know what comes between me and
my Catholics nothing yeah well let's
keep what comes between the president
and his mom jeans a state secret Jeanne
Moos CNN mangi mangi mangi your mom
jeans